runbook/index.md, before:

# Foundation Runbook

## Managed clusters

### Cluster provisioning

### Cluster importing

- [The `ManagedClusterImportSucceeded` condition of `ManagedCluster` is `False`](./ManagedClusters/ManagedClusterImportSucceededConditionFalse.md)
- [Auto-import of `ManagedCluster` not triggered](./ManagedClusters/AutoImportNotTriggered.md)

### Cluster registration

- [The `ManagedClusterJoined` condition of `ManagedCluster` is not present](./ManagedClusters/ManagedClusterJoinedConditionMissing.md)

### Cluster detaching

### Cluster destroy

### Others

- [The `ManagedClusterConditionAvailable` condition of `ManagedCluster` is `False`](./ManagedClusters/ManagedClusterAvailableConditionFalse.md)
- [The `ManagedClusterConditionAvailable` condition of `ManagedCluster` is `Unknown`](./ManagedClusters/ManagedClusterAvailableConditionUnknown.md)

## ManagedClusterAddOns

- [The `ManagedClusterAddOn` is not created in the cluster namespace](./ManagedClusterAddOns/ManagedClusterAddOnMissing.md)
- [The `ManagedClusterAddOn` is created after several hours of the cluster importion](./ManagedClusterAddOns/KlusterletAddOnConfigNameMismatch.md)
- [The `ManagedClusterAddOn` agents crashed by misconfigured proxy](./ManagedClusterAddOns/KlusterletAddOnConfigNoProxy.md)

## Certificates

- [tls: failed to verify certificate: x509: certificate signed by unknown authority](./Certificates/x509:CertificateSignedByUnknownAuthority.md)

Commit message:

work manager addon is unavailable
Signed-off-by: zhujian <jiazhu@redhat.com>

runbook/index.md, after:

# Foundation Runbook

## Managed clusters

### Cluster provisioning

### Cluster importing

- [The `ManagedClusterImportSucceeded` condition of `ManagedCluster` is `False`](./ManagedClusters/ManagedClusterImportSucceededConditionFalse.md)
- [Auto-import of `ManagedCluster` not triggered](./ManagedClusters/AutoImportNotTriggered.md)

### Cluster registration

- [The `ManagedClusterJoined` condition of `ManagedCluster` is not present](./ManagedClusters/ManagedClusterJoinedConditionMissing.md)

### Cluster detaching

### Cluster destroy

### Others

- [The `ManagedClusterConditionAvailable` condition of `ManagedCluster` is `False`](./ManagedClusters/ManagedClusterAvailableConditionFalse.md)
- [The `ManagedClusterConditionAvailable` condition of `ManagedCluster` is `Unknown`](./ManagedClusters/ManagedClusterAvailableConditionUnknown.md)

## ManagedClusterAddOns

- [The `ManagedClusterAddOn` is not created in the cluster namespace](./ManagedClusterAddOns/ManagedClusterAddOnMissing.md)
- [The `ManagedClusterAddOn` is created after several hours of the cluster importion](./ManagedClusterAddOns/KlusterletAddOnConfigNameMismatch.md)
- [The `ManagedClusterAddOn` agents crashed by misconfigured proxy](./ManagedClusterAddOns/KlusterletAddOnConfigNoProxy.md)
- [The `work-manager` addOn is not Available](./ManagedClusterAddOns/WorkManagerAddOnUnavailable.md)

## Certificates

- [tls: failed to verify certificate: x509: certificate signed by unknown authority](./Certificates/x509:CertificateSignedByUnknownAuthority.md)
